Your tongue is especially golden. Profit through communications. Ask for what you want and need. Your networks have the resources. Sign contracts and agreements.
Keep up with the latest information. You're energized, and so is the conversation over the next few days. Participate, and motivate others to do the same.
Meditate on upcoming plans. Conclude arrangements today and tomorrow. Consider where you've been and what's ahead. Prepare supplies and resources. Write down your desired outcomes.
Team discussions prove fruitful over the next few days. Get into a planning phase. Multiple perspectives provide a full view. Confer, huddle and collaborate.
Take on more responsibility through tomorrow. Speak out in a professional conversation. Get clear in your own head first. Listen to other views. Forward the action.
Talk about studies, travels and adventures. Make long-distance plans. Discover someone's brilliant ideas. Attend classes or seminars. Participate in a global conversation.
Profitable opportunities abound today and tomorrow. Talk about financial possibilities with your partner. Review budgets and action plans. Brilliant ideas arise in the conversation.
Talk with your partner through tomorrow. Collaborative coordination sparks and crackles with energy. Negotiate a win-win deal. Make promises for action, and support each other.
Talk about your health and work over the next few days. Meet with doctors or experts for improvement. Keep doing what's working. Try a new suggestion.
Someone draws you into a fascinating conversation over the next few days. Discuss passions and enthusiasms. Weave in some romantic possibilities. Express your love.
Get into a family conversation over the next few days. Discuss practical domestic solutions. Share news and tidings. Get advice from someone who has been there.
You're especially brilliant over the next few days. Write, record and share the news. Clarify and express. Creative brainstorming reaps impressive results.
Enjoy quiet time close to home. Travel interferes with your routine. You're especially creative with color, flavors and ambiance. Clean closets and drawers. Secrets get revealed.
Slow down and polish your presentation before an important meeting. Make sure your materials reflect your vision and mission. Revise and edit for elegance.
Persistence pays off, even when results evade in the short-run. Stick to your budget. A challenge has an opportunity hidden up its sleeve.
Take time for yourself. Challenges or controversy could prove over-stimulating. Keep your patience, even when others lose theirs. Fantasize in your journal. Express your creative imagination.
Creep into a peaceful spot of sunlight. Private productivity suits your mood. Draw, sketch and write your imaginative ramblings. Dreams seem close to the surface.
Things may not go as planned with a group effort. Misunderstanding or controversy could cause breakdowns. Clarify quickly. Talk about what could be possible together.
Handle important backstage responsibilities. Do the work that nobody sees. You're more productive privately than in public. Don't take things personally. Let bygones be bygones.
Find a quiet spot to observe the world go by. Traffic and misunderstandings could disrupt your adventure. Write, sketch or video your view. Flow like water.
Handle a financial breakdown. Communication is key. Talk to all parties involved, and work out a solution. Work together for a positive outcome.
A breakdown with your partner can be resolved through communication. Listening is more powerful than speaking. Listen for what you're both committed to. Find common ground.
Changes with your work and health require attention. Rest and recharge your batteries. Don't over-extend. Write, create and express a dream.
Family comes first. Stay out of somebody else's argument. Relax and avoid a fuss. Get into an enjoyable groove. Play games, express and create.
Talk about what you love, and remain forgiving with miscommunications. Ignore false rumors and gossip. A startling revelation opens a new scenario. Prioritize passion.
A surprising set of circumstances lands at your house. Did someone bring home a new pet? Communications could get garbled, but the love level is high.
Prove you know your stuff. Someone doesn't get it, but you do. A surprising maneuver presents an entirely different game. The outcome is better than expected.
Others demand quick action, and the stakes are high. Don't waste time talking about it. Grab a profitable opportunity before it slips away.
Let go of a preconception. Misunderstandings are likely. Take advantage of an opportunity to advance a personal goal or dream. Don't talk about it. Just go.
Get lost in your thinking. Amazing revelations get your attention. Fall into fascination. The implications are far-reaching. Don't try to express it yet. Sit with it.
Your team has a complicated puzzle to solve, with a nice reward. Try new tricks. Explore and discover an unexpected solution. Many hands make light work.
A lucrative professional opportunity requires quick action. Don't get distracted by the chatter. Focus on the job at hand. Move quickly for a bonus.
An unexpected development provides an opportunity to explore a subject of your fascination. Read the contract first, but don't waste time. It could get profitable.
All systems are go! The time for talk is past. Action gets the moneymaking wheels turning. An unexpected windfall hits your account. Do the numbers.
You and a partner are in the thick of the action. Avoid silly arguments and criticism. Draw upon hidden resources. A surprise plot twist makes things interesting.
You're energized. Ignore gossip or distraction. Physical action gets results, including unexpected benefits. Get moving and expand your capacities to new levels.
Rest and relax through tomorrow. Travel is better tomorrow. Expect the unexpected. Avoid confrontation with authority; think it over longer. Don't fall for a trick.
Don't argue with a brick wall. Slow down and handle household matters today and tomorrow. Put things in order without fussing. Talk things over later.
Don't react blindly to unexpected circumstances. Disagree respectfully or risk a big fight. Words matter over the next few days. Carefully consider yours.
Unexpected expenses could mess up your budget. Avoid a clash of wills. Estimate what's needed. Monitor account balances and postpone non-essential spending. Keep a low profile.
Practice patience, especially with authority figures. Disagreement requires compromise. Go slowly, to avoid mistakes or misunderstandings. Diplomacy works. Wait and listen.
Don't go tilting at windmills. Find a private place to process changes higher up. Calm a partner's anxieties. Look back for insight on the road ahead.
Strategize with teammates through tomorrow. Stay objective about a hot topic, if possible. Don't discuss money. Avoid sparking a war. Rebel peacefully. Grow a groundswell.
Haste makes waste, especially today. Confront a professional challenge today and tomorrow. A clash between titans leaves a mess. Slow down and take it easy.
Your journey takes a twist. Anticipate changes and avoid a battle. Temporary confusion stalls the action. Slow to avoid accidents or breakage. Find a peaceful refuge.
Handle financial matters through tomorrow. Confront an authority figure. Unplanned expenses require adaptation. Get terms in writing. Don't butt heads. Wait for better conditions.
Collaborate with your partner, and avoid a battle. Slow to navigate some unexpected craziness. Get an expert opinion. Avoid risky business and confronting authority.
Put your love into your work and it flowers. Ignore gossip and distractions. Work faster and make more money. Discover unexpected and inexplicable synchronicity.
The Gemini New Moon leads to communication breakthroughs. Get your network involved. Resist the urge to splurge. Simple ingredients can provide a feast.
Practical actions pay. New prosperity arises with this New Moon. Don’t spend it all; save some for a rainy day. Catch a profitable opportunity.
Pursue personal growth and development. Imagine the future you want. Lean new tricks in that arena. Study others who have been there. Profit from a dreamer’s vision.
To have more love, give it away. Practice random acts of kindness. The New Moon inspires a thoughtful phase of discovery. Plant seeds of gratitude.
Savor moments with your friends and community. Strengthen bonds and connections. Get creative, and collaborate with talented players. Offer encouragement and thanks.
Make your move for a professional opportunity. Profitable ventures benefit from calculated action. Take one step at a time. Visualize immense success.
Discover beauty and adventure. To get a deeper taste, socialize and meet people. Learning new skills leads to new friends. Find a passion you had forgotten.
This New Moon in Gemini initiates a lucrative phase. Get productive and efficient. Streamline your routine. Relax into a steady rhythm and go for endurance.
Collaborate at a higher level. Take action for love and abundance. Keep priorities practical, despite possible chaos. Make sure your partner gets enough food and rest.
You’re energized by this New Moon. Take your fitness and health to the next level. Eat and rest well. Pour love into your work for satisfaction.
Prioritize love. Go and play with someone special. Take a spontaneous passion break. Enjoy the present moment, with present company. Appreciate savory as well as sweet.
Domestic arts and crafts provide satisfying results. Tend your garden and cook up something delicious. Suffuse your home with beauty and love. Blend for harmony.
Your heart is at home. Domestic projects and family matters have your attention. Cook up something nice and settle into your peaceful nest.
A solution to an old problem is becoming obvious. Research and write your conclusions over the next few days. Ask questions and learn what you need.
Today and tomorrow could get lucrative. There’s cash flowing both in and out. Keep track, and take care not to forget something important. Cover the bases.
You’re sensitive to the surrounding mood. Consider an optimistic view. Polish your personal look with a new style. Empower yourself and others. Stand for a possibility.
Hide out and finish a project in comfort. Rest and get nostalgic with old photos. Slow down and contemplate past and future through tomorrow.
Your community is all abuzz. Come together for positive change through tomorrow. Make bold declarations. Get inspired by what they’re up to. Contribute for the hive.
Someone influential has been watching your progress. Dress well and smile for the cameras. Professional opportunities unfold as you peel back the layers.
Spread your wings and expand your view over the next few days. Savor the adventure and explore. Light out for the territory ahead.
Review budgets and manage accounts today and tomorrow. A lack of funds would slow the action. Find new income sources. Your partner has good ideas.
You go further by working with a partner through tomorrow. Refine the plan to incorporate this expanded view. Take advantage of each other’s strengths.
The pace is picking up. Get hopping today and tomorrow. Put your back into your work. Nurture your health with good food, rest and exercise.
The next two days are reserved for fun. Things fall together nicely. Spend time with someone special. Enjoy your favorite games, flavors, hobbies and people.
Take the shortest route. Postpone travel and shipping. Miracles and breakthroughs arise in the conversation under this Gemini New Moon. Share your story.
Break past limitations and barriers in your relationship with money, with this Gemini New Moon. Don’t deplete savings on a romantic whim, though. Create new prosperity.
Put the oxygen mask on yourself first. A personal phase dawns with this New Moon in your sign. Take charge. Expand your talents, capacities and skills.
Organize your thoughts. Insights, breakthroughs and revelations percolate with the New Moon. Discover something about the past. Begin a new philosophical, spiritual and mindful phase.
Think about love. Begin a new phase in friendship, social networks and community under this New Moon. Take a group endeavor to a new level.
Clean up messes. Complete old work and begin a new professional phase with this New Moon. Take on new responsibility and launch your next endeavor.
Open a new door with your education, travels and exploration under this New Moon. Discover new horizons and frontiers. Study with a master.
A lucrative phase dawns under this Gemini New Moon. Find creative ways to grow your family’s nest egg. Launch a profitable initiative together.
Love isn’t always sunshine and roses. Advance a level in your relationship under this New Moon. Partnership blooms. Support each other through real life.
Embrace new healthy lifestyle practices under the New Moon. New energy floods your work, health and vitality. Recharge by nurturing yourself before taking care of others.
The best things in life are free. This Gemini New Moon sparks a family, fun and passion phase. A romantic relationship transforms. It’s all for love.
Save money by making something yourself. A new domestic phase arises with this New Moon. Wrap your love around home and family. Create something wonderful together.
To get the advantage, check the day’s rating: 10 is the easiest day, 0 the most challenging.
Talk about what you love, and remain forgiving with miscommunications. Ignore false rumors and gossip. A startling revelation opens a new scenario. Prioritize passion.
A surprising set of circumstances lands at your house. Did someone bring home a new pet? Communications could get garbled, but the love level is high.
Prove you know your stuff. Someone doesn’t get it, but you do. A surprising maneuver presents an entirely different game. The outcome is better than expected.
Others demand quick action, and the stakes are high. Don’t waste time talking about it. Grab a profitable opportunity before it slips away.
Let go of a preconception. Misunderstandings are likely. Take advantage of an opportunity to advance a personal goal or dream. Don’t talk about it. Just go.
Get lost in your thinking. Amazing revelations get your attention. Fall into fascination. The implications are far-reaching. Don’t try to express it yet. Sit with it.
Your team has a complicated puzzle to solve, with a nice reward. Try new tricks. Explore and discover an unexpected solution. Many hands make light work.
A lucrative professional opportunity requires quick action. Don’t get distracted by the chatter. Focus on the job at hand. Move quickly for a bonus.
An unexpected development provides an opportunity to explore a subject of your fascination. Read the contract first, but don’t waste time. It could get profitable.
All systems are go! The time for talk is past. Action gets the moneymaking wheels turning. An unexpected windfall hits your account. Do the numbers.
You and a partner are in the thick of the action. Avoid silly arguments and criticism. Draw upon hidden resources. A surprise plot twist makes things interesting.
You’re energized. Ignore gossip or distraction. Physical action gets results, including unexpected benefits. Get moving and expand your capacities to new levels.
Either accept or offer assistance. Collaboration is key, and you have decisions to make. Review options and consider. Love can be full of surprises.
You’re gaining admirers. Is your heart ready? Your physical health and fitness grow stronger with practice. Stick to basics, and have fun. Laughter is good medicine.
Relax and enjoy the ride. Creative efforts flower. Falling in love is entirely possible; it’s all around. Remind someone how special he or she is to you.
Beautify your space and garden. Put your love into domestic arts. Cook, sew and add flowers. Share something delicious with family and friends.
Discuss a favorite subject. Study, write and express your views. Friends help you make a great connection. Discover a romantic surprise. Share from your heart.
Creative problem-solving pays well, and cash flow rises. Draw upon hidden assets. Romantic sparks fly; make a startling revelation. Find an answer in a dream.
You’re the star today. Take advantage of a lucky break. Do something that feeds your spirit. Put your money where your heart is. Express your love.
Let your imagination run wild. A brilliant idea comes from a loved one or child. Bring romance home with you. Your love sets you free.
Get social! You have more friends than you realized. Share resources. An amazing development calls to your heart. Outdoor recreation is possible. Gourmet dining is on.
A professional opportunity is ripe for the picking. Put your heart into your work. An amazing development reveals new options. Position yourself for change. You’re looking good.
Studies and travels tempt. Escape from routines to try something new. Fun opportunities arise; accept a gift. An unexpected bonus provides the cherry on top.
Pull together a good deal for your family. Work behind the scenes to bring value to the shared pot. Get everyone involved. Collaborations flower.
A partner’s opinion is important. Strategize and plan today and tomorrow. Discover a structural problem. Process emotions as they occur. Finish preparations before taking action.
Something you try now doesn’t work. Gentle, steady pressure beats brute force. Be patient with a resister. Don’t make assumptions. Nurture your health through tomorrow.
Romance and fun are in your thoughts through tomorrow. Plan moves in advance. Obstacles and hurdles could arise. Avoid expense and hassle. Fantasize together.
Consider long-term plans as you authorize home improvements or repairs over the next few days. Don’t overextend. Chaos and obstacles delay the action. Avoid antagonizing anyone.
Maintain communication channels open over the next few days. Slow to review plans. You’re especially brilliant. Avoid distraction, despite changes and confusion. Keep your word.
Don’t rush into anything. Passions are in high gear; look before leaping. There’s cash to be made, if you play your cards right today and tomorrow.
An obstacle blocks the road. Old assumptions get challenged. Avoid a potential clash with authority. Wait for better conditions. Focus on personal priorities through tomorrow.
Stay objective in a tense situation. Stifle rebellious tendencies (for now). Build a strong foundation. Hide out, if necessary. Rest and relax today and tomorrow.
Enjoy social events, gatherings and meetings today and tomorrow. Stay flexible despite chaos. The more people involved, the longer it takes to get out the door.
Career challenges require agility and flexibility over the next few days. Watch out for bizarre requests. There’s still a way to win. Wait and prepare.
Don’t dash off just yet. Travels and studies have your focus over the next few days. Planning now saves trouble later. Wait for traffic to clear.
Track family finances over the next few days. To avoid a potential problem, play the game exactly by the book. Work now and play later.
Get physical at fitness and play. Watch where you’re going. Avoid hidden danger or expense. Choose stability over illusion. Stick to the rules.
Keep practicing. You can see what wasn’t working. Enjoy the game without expensive risks. Stick to basics, and learn from another’s mistake. Persistence pays off.
Things may not go as planned at home. Sidestep a barrier or wait for better timing. Family comes first; collaborate on basic priorities. Do your part.
Miscommunications could get expensive. Keep things open and transparent. Don’t get lost in distractions or daydreams. Learn what you need to know. Consider long-term goals.
A mirage lacks substance. Avoid tricks or silly arguments (especially over money) and resist the temptation to bark at someone. Keep your financial plan.
A personal dream beckons, but could seem elusive. Imagine a long-term goal achieved and plan steps to take. Keep taking small actions; they add up.
You can’t do everything. Slow down, or risk breakage. Fact and fantasy clash. Harsh words fly if you let them. Cut clutter. Go for clarity.
Go for substance over symbolism. Schedule carefully and keep your objective in mind. Avoid overstimulation and crowds. Friends can help you stay on solid ground.
Take it slow and easy. Run a reality check. You won’t have to defer gratification forever. Steady action advances your career, one step at a time.
Travel delays could modify your plans. Persistence toward basic priorities gets you the farthest. Weather or obscured visibility could challenge. Slow for better conditions.
Balance accounts to adapt to changes. Old assumptions get challenged. Expert assistance is practical (and profitable). Strike out in a new direction.
Don’t accept new challenges yet. What you get isn’t what you expected. Determine a plan with your partner. Coordinated efforts go further. Follow through.